---
layout: post
title:  "London Scala Talks: Yilin Wei & Bruno Bonanno"
date:   2019-07-30 22:57:06 +0100
author: Alessandro Buggin
categories: meetup scala
---

Join us at Just Eat for another round of London Scala Talks! This month, we'll be hearing from Yilin Wei on type theory in DSLs and Bruno Bonnano on mockito-scala. We look forward to seeing you!

## *Yilin Wei: Do fish have legs?: Implementing DSLs*

As backend developers, we often need to expose functionality to frontend UIs. Frontend developers demand that APIs are simple and extensible, leading to either constant upkeep or unsound, complex code.

We will walk through a case study of creating an API in Scala for searches through the use of a DSL (Domain Specific Language). By taking inspiration from Lisp, language design and type systems, we will implement an API which will be secure, simple and extensible.

<iframe width="560" 
        height="315" 
        src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/F9Ah8Cx4RkM"
        frameborder="0"
        allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture"
        allowfullscreen>
</iframe>

## *Bruno Bonanno : mockito-scala, what it is and how to get the most out of it*

mockito-scala started as a simple wrapper of mockito-core to provide a more usable API and solve some Java-Scala interop issues, but since then it has evolved to become a full blown Scala mocking framework that encourages Scala best practices, provides integration with major Scala libraries and allows us to write more declarative, clearer and concise tests.
In this talk we'll go over some of the most popular fixes/additions over the Java API and also the new features that will make our tests better and simpler

<iframe width="560" 
        height="315" 
        src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/MARrVJOXyc4"
        frameborder="0"
        allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture"
        allowfullscreen>
</iframe>

